Herbal Prescription 
 Put this card in front of you. Pick up a health token each time you pass Green Hemp, and two if you own it.  

Mood Indigo 
 Proceed to any indigo space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Nature Calls 
 Proceed to any green space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Rampage 
 Force can be used on all things a player passes this turn.  

Just a Peak 
 Look at the action cards in another players hand.  

Foreign Influence 
 Receive five influence tokens from the market.  

Whistleblower 
 Choose a player and take three influence tokens from them.  

One Small Step 
 Play this card before a player rolls. They can only roll one die this turn.  

One Giant Leap 
 Play this card before a player rolls. They roll three dice this turn.  

Snap! 
 An election happens at the end of this turn.  

The Invisible Hand 
 Halve or double the market rate for a resource of your choosing.  

Title 
 Reset the taxes for a side of your choosing.  

Embargo 
 Place this card on the board with three turn tokens on it. Market transactions for a resource of your choosing cannot be completed while it’s in play.  

Deja Vu 
 Look through the discarded action cards and take one into your hand.  

Event Insurance 
 Place this card in front of you and indicate a single property or monopoly. It can no longer be effected by events while this card is in play.    

Presidential Pardon 
 Cost: influence  Proceed from jail on your next turn.  

Emergency Check Up 
 Proceed to the next hospital. Do not collect institutional resources.  

Vaccination 
 Cost: 5 Knowledge, SD  Eliminate any disease card in play.  

Port 
 Place this card in front of you and name a resource. The market rate for that resource is halved for you as long as this card is in play.  

Pick Pocket 
 Choose a player. Select one action card at random from their hand.  

Oooo La La 
 Play this card immediately. Collect 50 SD from the market for a second place finish in a beauty contest.  

Recycled Parts 
 Save one technology token in a transaction.    

Snooze and Lose 
 Play this card immediately. You were robbed on the train as you slept. Lose 50 SD.  

Title 
 Prevent a use of force.  

No 
 Cancel another action card from being played.  

Intervention 
 Go to the space where force is being used. That force now engages you.    

Handsome Donation 
 Pay double the cost for an institution, and the sale cannot be blocked.  

Institutional Realignment 
 Move up to five institutional tokens from one corner of the board to the opposite corner.  

Crystal Ball 
 Look at the top two cards on the event deck.    

Title 
 Proceed to the nearest institutions square. If you have completed a transaction this turn, do not complete another.    

A Blind Eye 
 Public force cannot be used this turn.  

Pushed Forward 
 Play this card immediately. Role one die, and move forward the number of spaces shown. You may complete a transaction.  

Stroke of Genius 
 Play this card immediately. Get knowledge.  

Loss of Face 
 Play this card immediately. Lose influence.  

Backup 
 Get three additional personal force.  

Reinforcements 
 Choose a public precinct. It receives three extra force.  

Free Ride 
 Pay nothing the next time you receive knowledge from a university.  

Double Dip 
 Play an additional two action cards this turn.  

Boobytraps 
 Prevent the use of force on one of your properties this turn. The remaining force is halved.  

Kind of Blue 
 Proceed to any blue space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Forest Walk 
 Proceed to the green forest. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Prison Riot 
 Cost: force  Proceed from jail on your next turn.  

Lime Light 
 Proceed to any lime space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Environmental Protest 
 Place this card on the board with three turn tokens on it. Prevent the development of any orange company while it’s in play. This card returns to your hand.  

Feeding the Pandas 
 Proceed to the green bamboo forest. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Nuclear Energy 
 

Jury Duty 
 Proceed to the next court. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Doctor’s Fees 
 Play this card immediately. Pay the Public Fund X for medical bills.  

Meager Inheritance 
 Play this card immediately. Collect X from the market.  

Vast Inheritance 
 Play this card immediately. Collect X from the market.  

Ambush 
 Force at one of your properties can be used to attack another player.  

Foreign Investment 
 Choose an amount of money. Put that aside for X turns, and receive three times that amount.  

Substance Possession 
 Go to jail for a minimum of X turns.  

Yellow Brick Rode 
 Proceed to any yellow space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Train to Catch 
 Proceed to South East Rails. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Flight to Catch 
 Proceed to North West Airways. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Just Visiting 
 Proceed to the next precinct. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Take the Tour 
 Play this card after you have landed on a business or institution. Receive one knowledge token this turn.  

Pushed Back 
 Play this card immediately. Role one die, and move back the number of spaces shown. You may complete a transaction.  

Back to School 
 Proceed to the next university. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Seeing Red 
 Proceed to any red space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any orange space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any teal space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any purple space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any pink space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any tan space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Title 
 Proceed to any brown space. Do not collect institutional resources. If you’ve already made a transaction this turn, do not do another.  

Times Up 
 Play this card at the star of a turn. Remove all turn tokens from a card in play.  

Bonus Time 
 Play this card at the start of a turn. Add one turn token to a card in play.    

Double Time 
 Play this card at the start of a turn. Double the number of turn tokens on a card in play.    

Version Up 
 If you have a technology token, receive another from the market.  

Extension 
 Double the remaining turns on all outstanding loans.  

Tripple Yield 
 Receive triple the value from the Public Fund for all bonds cashed in this turn.  

Market Correction 
 Remove one event card that’s in play, and reverse its effect.  

Secret Tunnel 
 Jump to the space directly across the board.  

Take 2 
 Draw an additional two action cards.  
