Renewable Realignment 
 Place this card on the board. So long as it’s in play, all orange renewable energy spaces produce double, and all indigo non-renewable spaces produce half.  

Title 
 Roll a single die until you get a 1, 2, 3, or 4. That side of the board…  

Title 
 Roll a single die until you get a number corresponding with a player. That player…    

Regulation 
 Place this card on the board. So long as it’s in play, the hemp farm produces no resources.  

Market Shortage 
 Roll a single die until you get a 1, 2, 3, or 4. Market transactions for a resource cannot be completed corresponding to:  Raw materials  Products  Energy  Technology  

Emergency” Cancelation 
 The next election is canceled. All current taxation laws are maintained.    

Market Influx 
 Roll a single die until you get a 1, 2, 3, or 4. The market price is halved for a resource corresponding to:  Raw materials  Products  Energy  Technology  

Trade War 
 Roll a single die until you get a 1, 2, 3, or 4. The market tax rate is halved for a resource corresponding to:  Raw materials  Products  Energy  Technology  

Helicopter Money 
 All players receive X dollars.    

A Breath of Fresh Air 
 Place this card on the board with three turn tokens. To reduce air pollution, indigo non-renewable energy spaces don’t produce while it is in play.  

Super Germ (See Rules) 
 Roll a single die until you get a number corresponding with a player. That player is infected with the Super Germ and goes to the nearest hospital for three turns, inflicting two HP each turn. Each turn that Super Germ is in play roll again. Super Germ cannot infect players again or players in hospitals, and is out of play when no players are infected.    

Time Thieves 
 If playing with a turn limit, move the turn marker forward two turns. If not, discard this card and draw another event.  

Eternel Darkness 
 Place this card on the board with four turn tokens. The solar cells do not produce while it is in play.  

Locusts 
 A  

Wildfire 
 Block: force and influence  A wildfire rages on the green forest space - destroying all its development. Roll a die.  1-4: Developments on neighboring spaces are destroyed.  5-6: Developments on spaces one and two spaces away are destroyed.  

Title 
 TV reduces players’ knowledge.  

Supersized 
 The player who draws this card loses one HP. If this is drawn during event time, then all players lose one HP.  

Title (Force 5) 
 A company is attacked.  

Virus 
 Roll a single die, where 1-3 is side 2, and 4-6 is side 4. Technology on the given side doesn’t produce until the owners pay… per property.  

Climate Disaster (See rules) 
 

Influenza 
 Place this card on the board. Each player must roll a die at the start of their next turn. If it is a 1 or a 2, that player must pay one HP. Then four turn tokens on this card, and repeat the above when no turn tokens are on it.  

A 
 Add X resource to the Public Fund.  

A Crack in the Dam 
 Place this card on the board. The orange dam produces no resources until the cost is paid.  

Oil Spill 
 A  

Riot! 
 Roll two dice one after the other. The first dictates the side, and the second the property that is attacked.  

Outbreak in the Ward 
 Roll a die, with 1-3 being the West Hospital and 4-6 being the East. Discard half the health tokens in that hospital.  

School Tax 
 All players pay 10% of their current cash to the Public Fund to support education.  

Title 
 Each player roles a die and receives that many force tokens.  

Double Feature 
 Draw an additional two event cards this turn.  

Market Push 
 All players receive three transfer tokens.  

Debt Relief 
 The debts of all players are voided. If no player has debts, then all players receive XYZ.  

Loan Forgiveness 
 All outstanding loans are voided.  

Zero Interest 
 Place this card on the board with five turn tokens on it. Loans paid out while it’s in play require no interest to be paid.  

Foreign War 
 Roll a single die to determine the length of a foreign war, and put that many turn tokens on it. The market price for force is doubled while this card is in play, and is reduced one level once it is removed from play.  

Positive Demand Shock 
 

Negative Demand Shock 
 

Stagflation 
 

Depression 
 

Rise in Unemployment 
 

Technology Shock 
 The Public Fund receives five technology tokens.  

Price Shock 
 
